QUESTION 1: What does ping: google.com: temporary failure in name resolution mean? Let's star with the command
itself "Ping -c 4 google.com" let's break it down first "Ping"this command sends a signal to another computer and wait
for a response back to see if both can communicate. The "-c" command that stand for for "count" it tells the ping to
send in this case "4" signals and stop, and well the signal target is "google.com". Ping was trying to see if this 
computer can communicate with google but there was a failure. "Temporary failure" was the outcome of the ping -c 4
google.com due to the fact the Virtual Machine(VM) is isolated. The VM is currently on "Hots-Only Adapter Network"
which means it cannot access the internet in this case means it cannot communicate with the internet(google.com) that
is why the command ping couldn't not work. Next is the "name resolution" when one types "google.com" the VM checks
its own memory to see if it has "google.com" but it doesn't then VM tries to ask a DNS Server (a server that is on
the internet) but since the VM is on "Host-Only Adaptor" the VM cannot communication does't work and the VM gives up
and say "temporary failure in name resolution".

QUESTION 2: Why Bridged mode gives malware a map to your local network? "Bridged Adaptor" like the name implies it's 
a bridged and what is a bridge? Well a bridge connects two side, example the bridged connects two side of a river;
on ine side is point A and on the other side point B. In this anology point A is the VM and point B is the home 
network. Bridge allows the VM to see each device that is connected to the network. If there is a malware inside
the VM and is on bridged adaptor mode that means the malware can easily access and harm every device connected to the
network. Malware doesn't need an invitations--it just walks across the bridge on it's own like this; malware inside VM, 
automatically scans the network and see who else is connected to the network, then the malware picks a target and 
starts to cause destrouction. That is how bridge adaptor mode is an easy path for the malware.  
